<!-- ---
title: Teaching
summary: My courses
type: landing

cascade:
  - _target:
      kind: page
    params:
      show_breadcrumb: true

sections:
  - block: collection
    id: teaching
    content:
      title: Teaching
      filters:
        folders:
          - teaching
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 2
--- -->
---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title: ""
date: 2022-10-24
type: landing

design:
  # Default section spacing
  spacing: "6rem"

sections:
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: '📚 Course Syllabus'
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      # Show a call-to-action button under your biography? (optional)
      button:
        text: Download Syllabus
        url: uploads/syllabus
 - block: markdown
    content:
      title: '📚 Course Github'
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      # Show a call-to-action button under your biography? (optional)
      button:
        text: Homework Assignments With Codes
        url: uploads/syllabus
  # - block: markdown
  #   content:
  #     title: '📚 My Research'
  #     subtitle: ''
  #     text: |-
  #       Use this area to speak to your mission. I'm a research scientist in the Moonshot team at DeepMind. I blog about machine learning, deep learning, and moonshots.

  #       I apply a range of qualitative and quantitative methods to comprehensively investigate the role of science and technology in the economy.
        
  #       Please reach out to collaborate 😃
  #   design:
  #     columns: '1'
  # - block: collection
  #   id: papers
  #   content:
  #     title: Featured Publications
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - publication
  #       featured_only: true
  #   design:
  #     view: article-grid
  #     columns: 2
  - block: collection
    content:
      title: Recent Publications
      text: ""
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        exclude_featured: false
    design:
      view: citation
  # - block: collection
  #   id: talks
  #   content:
  #     title: Recent & Upcoming Talks
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - event
  #   design:
  #     view: article-grid
  #     columns: 1
  # - block: collection
  #   id: news
  #   content:
  #     title: Recent News
  #     subtitle: ''
  #     text: ''
  #     # Page type to display. E.g. post, talk, publication...
  #     page_type: post
  #     # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
  #     count: 5
  #     # Filter on criteria
  #     filters:
  #       author: ""
  #       category: ""
  #       tag: ""
  #       exclude_featured: false
  #       exclude_future: false
  #       exclude_past: false
  #       publication_type: ""
  #     # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
  #     offset: 0
  #     # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
  #     order: desc
  #   design:
  #     # Choose a layout view
  #     view: date-title-summary
  #     # Reduce spacing
  #     spacing:
  #       padding: [0, 0, 0, 0]
  - block: cta-card
    demo: true # Only display this section in the Hugo Blox Builder demo site
    content:
      title: 👉 Build your own academic website like this
      text: |-
        This site is generated by Hugo Blox Builder - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 250,000+ academics like you.

        <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder" data-color-scheme="no-preference: light; light: light; dark: dark;" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder on GitHub">Star</a>

        Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!
        
        From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.
      button:
        text: Get Started
        url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/
    design:
      card:
        # Card background color (CSS class)
        css_class: "bg-primary-700"
        css_style: ""
---




[Hugo Blox Builder](https://hugoblox.com) is designed to give technical content creators a seamless experience. You can focus on the content and the Hugo Blox Builder which this template is built upon handles the rest.

**Embed videos, podcasts, code, LaTeX math, and even test students!**

On this page, you'll find some examples of the types of technical content that can be rendered with Hugo Blox.

## Video

Teach your course by sharing videos with your students. Choose from one of the following approaches:

{{< youtube D2vj0WcvH5c >}}

**Youtube**:

    {{</* youtube w7Ft2ymGmfc */>}}

**Bilibili**:

    {{</* bilibili id="BV1WV4y1r7DF" */>}}

**Video file**

Videos may be added to a page by either placing them in your `assets/media/` media library or in your [page's folder](https://gohugo.io/content-management/page-bundles/), and then embedding them with the _video_ shortcode:

    {{</* video src="my_video.mp4" controls="yes" */>}}

## Podcast

You can add a podcast or music to a page by placing the MP3 file in the page's folder or the media library folder and then embedding the audio on your page with the _audio_ shortcode:

    <!-- {{</* audio src="ambient-piano.mp3" */>}} -->

Try it out:

{{< audio src="ambient-piano.mp3" >}}

## Test students

Provide a simple yet fun self-assessment by revealing the solutions to challenges with the `spoiler` shortcode:

```markdown
{{</* spoiler text="👉 Click to view the solution" */>}}
You found me!
{{</* /spoiler */>}}
```

renders as

{{< spoiler text="👉 Click to view the solution" >}} You found me 🎉 {{< /spoiler >}}

## Math

Hugo Blox Builder supports a Markdown extension for $\LaTeX$ math. You can enable this feature by toggling the `math` option in your `config/_default/params.yaml` file.

To render _inline_ or _block_ math, wrap your LaTeX math with `{{</* math */>}}$...${{</* /math */>}}` or `{{</* math */>}}$$...$${{</* /math */>}}`, respectively.

{{% callout note %}}
We wrap the LaTeX math in the Hugo Blox _math_ shortcode to prevent Hugo rendering our math as Markdown.
{{% /callout %}}

Example **math block**:

```latex
{{</* math */>}}
$$
\gamma_{n} = \frac{ \left | \left (\mathbf x_{n} - \mathbf x_{n-1} \right )^T \left [\nabla F (\mathbf x_{n}) - \nabla F (\mathbf x_{n-1}) \right ] \right |}{\left \|\nabla F(\mathbf{x}_{n}) - \nabla F(\mathbf{x}_{n-1}) \right \|^2}
$$
{{</* /math */>}}
```

renders as

{{< math >}}
$$\gamma_{n} = \frac{ \left | \left (\mathbf x_{n} - \mathbf x_{n-1} \right )^T \left [\nabla F (\mathbf x_{n}) - \nabla F (\mathbf x_{n-1}) \right ] \right |}{\left \|\nabla F(\mathbf{x}_{n}) - \nabla F(\mathbf{x}_{n-1}) \right \|^2}$$
{{< /math >}}

Example **inline math** `{{</* math */>}}$\nabla F(\mathbf{x}_{n})${{</* /math */>}}` renders as {{< math >}}$\nabla F(\mathbf{x}_{n})${{< /math >}}.

Example **multi-line math** using the math linebreak (`\\`):

```latex
{{</* math */>}}
$$f(k;p_{0}^{*}) = \begin{cases}p_{0}^{*} & \text{if }k=1, \\
1-p_{0}^{*} & \text{if }k=0.\end{cases}$$
{{</* /math */>}}
```

renders as

{{< math >}}

$$
f(k;p_{0}^{*}) = \begin{cases}p_{0}^{*} & \text{if }k=1, \\
1-p_{0}^{*} & \text{if }k=0.\end{cases}
$$

{{< /math >}}

## Code

Hugo Blox Builder utilises Hugo's Markdown extension for highlighting code syntax. The code theme can be selected in the `config/_default/params.yaml` file.


    ```python
    import pandas as pd
    data = pd.read_csv("data.csv")
    data.head()
    ```

renders as

```python
import pandas as pd
data = pd.read_csv("data.csv")
data.head()
```

## Inline Images

```go
{{</* icon name="python" */>}} Python
```

renders as

{{< icon name="python" >}} Python

## Did you find this page helpful? Consider sharing it 🙌
